---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "smallstep_managed_configuration Data Source - terraform-provider-smallstep"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The agent and managed endpoints used in one host. This object is experimental and subject to change.
---

# smallstep_managed_configuration (Data Source)

The agent and managed endpoints used in one host. This object is experimental and subject to change.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "smallstep_managed_configuration" "mc1" {
  id = "2e891be8-e1c4-4d27-a10c-62be6ccb6a5e"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) UUID identifying this managed configuration. Read only.

### Read-Only

- `agent_configuration_id` (String) UUID identifying the agent configuration.
- `host_id` (String) UUID identifying the host this managed configuration is for. Will be generated on server-side if not provided.
- `managed_endpoints` (Attributes Set) All the information used by an agent to grant a certificate to an endpoint. Exactly one of `x509CertificateData` or `sshCertificateData` must be set and must match the endpoint configuration certificate info type. This object is experimental and subject to change. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--managed_endpoints))
- `name` (String) The name of this managed configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--managed_endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `managed_endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `endpoint_configuration_id` (String) UUID identifying the endpoint configuration.
- `id` (String) UUID identifying this managed endpoint. Read only.
- `ssh_certificate_data` (Attributes) Contains the information to include when granting an SSH certificate to a managed endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--managed_endpoints--ssh_certificate_data))
- `x509_certificate_data` (Attributes) Contains the information to include when granting an x509 certificate to a managed endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--managed_endpoints--x509_certificate_data))

<a id="nestedatt--managed_endpoints--ssh_certificate_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `managed_endpoints.ssh_certificate_data`

Read-Only:

- `key_id` (String) The key ID to include in the endpoint certificate.
- `principals` (Set of String) The principals to include in the endpoint certificate.


<a id="nestedatt--managed_endpoints--x509_certificate_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `managed_endpoints.x509_certificate_data`

Read-Only:

- `common_name` (String) The Common Name to be used in the subject of the endpoint certificate.
- `sans` (Set of String) The list of SANs to include in the endpoint certificate.


